♪ JUST WAKIN' UP IN THE
MORNING, GOTTA THANK GOD ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW, BUT
TODAY SEEMS KINDA ODD ♪
♪ NO BARKING FROM
THE DOG, NO SMOG ♪
AND MAMA COOKED A
BREAKFAST WITH NO HOG
♪ I GOT MY GRUB ON,
BUT DIDN'T PIG OUT ♪
♪ FINALLY GOT A CALL FROM
A GIRL I WANNA DIG OUT ♪
♪ HOOKED IT UP FOR LATER
AS I HIT THE DOOR ♪
♪ THINKIN', "WILL I
LIVE ANOTHER 24?" ♪
♪ I GOTTA GO 'CAUSE
I GOT ME A DROP-TOP ♪
♪ AND IF I HIT THE SWITCH,
I CAN MAKE THE ASS DROP ♪
♪ HAD TO STOP AT A RED LIGHT ♪
♪ LOOKIN' IN MY MIRROR AND
NOT A JACKER IN SIGHT ♪
♪ AND EVERYTHING IS ALRIGHT ♪
♪ I GOT A BEEP FROM KIM, AND
SHE CAN DO IT ALL NIGHT ♪
♪ CALLED UP THE HOMIES
AND I'M ASKIN' Y'ALL ♪
♪ "WHICH PARK ARE Y'ALL
PLAYIN' BASKETBALL?" ♪
♪ GET ME ON THE COURT
AND I'M TROUBLE ♪
♪ LAST WEEK, MESSED AROUND
AND GOT A TRIPLE-DOUBLE ♪
♪ FREAKIN' BROTHAS
EVERY WAY, LIKE MJ ♪
♪ I CAN'T BELIEVE
TODAY WAS A GOOD DAY ♪
♪ DROVE TO THE PAD
AND HIT THE SHOWERS ♪
♪ DIDN'T EVEN GET NO
STATIC FROM THE COWARDS ♪
♪ 'CAUSE JUST YESTERDAY THEM
FOOLS TRIED TO BLAST ME ♪
♪ SAW THE POLICE AND THEY
ROLLED RIGHT PAST ME ♪
♪ NO FLEXIN', DIDN'T EVEN
LOOK IN A BROTHA'S DIRECTION ♪
♪ AS I RAN THE INTERSECTION ♪
♪ WENT TO SHORT DOG'S HOUSE,
THEY WAS WATCHIN' YO! MTV RAPS ♪
♪ WHAT'S THE HAPS
ON THE CRAPS? ♪
♪ SHAKE 'EM UP, SHAKE 'EM
UP, SHAKE 'EM UP, SHAKE 'EM ♪
♪ ROLL 'EM IN A
CIRCLE OF HOMIES ♪
♪ AND WATCH ME BREAK 'EM
WITH THE 7, 7-11, 7-11 ♪
♪ 7, EVEN BACK DOOR LITTLE JOE ♪
♪ I PICKED UP THE CASH FLOW ♪
♪ THEN WE PLAYED BONES, AND
I'M YELLIN': "DOMINO!" ♪
♪ PLUS NOBODY I KNOW GOT
KILLED IN SOUTH CENTRAL L.A ♪
♪ TODAY WAS A GOOD DAY ♪
♪ LEFT MY HOMIE'S HOUSE PAID ♪
♪ PICKED UP A GIRL BEEN TRYNA
DIG SINCE THE 12TH GRADE ♪
♪ IT'S IRONIC, I HAD THE
BREW, SHE HAD THE CHRONIC ♪
♪ THE LAKERS BEAT
THE SUPERSONICS ♪
♪ FELT ON THE BIG FAT FANNY ♪
♪ PULLED OUT THE JAMMY
AND KILLED THE PUNANI ♪
♪ AND MY JIMMY RUNS
DEEP, SO DEEP ♪
♪ SO DEEP PUT HER
BUTT TO SLEEP ♪
♪ WOKE HER UP AROUND ONE ♪
♪ SHE DIDN'T HESITATE TO
CALL ICE CUBE THE TOP GUN ♪
♪ DROVE HER TO THE
PAD AND I'M COASTIN' ♪
♪ TOOK ANOTHER SIP OF
THE POTION, HIT THE
THREE-WHEEL MOTION ♪
♪ I WAS GLAD EVERYTHING
HAD WORKED OUT ♪
♪ DROPPED HER BUTT OFF
AND THEN CHIRPED OUT ♪
♪ TODAY WAS LIKE ONE
OF THOSE FLY DREAMS ♪
♪ DIDN'T EVEN SEE A BERRY
FLASHIN' THOSE HIGH BEAMS ♪
♪ NO HELICOPTER LOOKIN'
FOR THE MURDER ♪
♪ TWO IN THE MORNING,
GOT THE FATBURGER ♪
♪ EVEN SAW THE LIGHTS
OF THE GOODYEAR BLIMP ♪
♪ AND IT READ "ICE
CUBE'S A PIMP" ♪
♪ DRUNK AS HELL BUT
NO THROWIN' UP ♪
♪ HALFWAY HOME AND MY
PAGER STILL BLOWIN' UP ♪
♪ TODAY I DIDN'T EVEN
HAVE TO USE MY AK ♪
♪ I GOTTA SAY IT
WAS A GOOD DAY ♪